Previously,
on Sons of Anarchy...
Where are the letters?
Tara's still got 'em.
Just leave her
out of it, huh?
Too late.
We have
an internal threat.
The doctor-- that's
your VP's old lady.
We'll clean it up.
Oh, God!
What are you doing!
(screams)
Jax!
(tires screech)
- (gasping)
- Okay, okay.
Oh, my God! Dad?
Oh, my God!
Shit!
What are you doing here?!
Clay killed your old man.
You want to tell me
what happened to Piney?
You should know.
You're Clay's boy.
- Did you know?!
- No, Ope!
(grunts)
You're gonna die...
at the gavel.
Ope! Put it down.
(yells)
What do I tell Roosevelt,
huh? Mexicans?
No. Say it was black.
Clay wanted me to stay.
He had a feeling
something was going down.
A brother asked for help.
I turned my back.
Chibs:
Who's Veronica Pope?
Damon Pope's daughter,
the most dangerous gangster
in the whole town.
Tig's in trouble, brother.
He needs an escort home.
It's time we all
knew the truth--
Clay Morrow killed
your father.
Stole that seat away
from this family,
and he tried
to kill your wife.
You kill Clay before he's on
his feet and strikes first.
When Clay's back at the table,
we can discuss the deal.
The only way this deal happens
is if he's running it.
Romeo:
CIA is subsidizing Galindo.
U.S. Attorney has more
than enough to indict.
When things are running
smoothly with the Irish,
I'll do my best to get Munson
clear of all the charges.
I read the letters.
The only reason I am not
slicing you open right now
is 'cause I need
this cartel deal to happen.
Walking away from my club
is one thing,
but letting it die, I can't--
it's a part of me.
Jax, narrating:
Something happens
at around 92 miles an hour.
Thunder headers
drown out all sound.
Engine vibration travels
at a heart's rate.
Field of vision funnels
into the immediate.
And suddenly
you're not on the road,
you're in it, a part of it.
Traffic, scenery, cops--
just cardboard cutouts
blown over as you pass.
Sometimes I forget
the rush of that.
That's why I love
these long runs.
All your problems,
all the noise, gone.
Nothing else to worry about
except what's right
in front of you.
Maybe that's the lesson
for me today--
to hold on to these
simple moments,
appreciate them
a little more.
There's not many of them left.
I don't ever want that
for you.
Finding things that make you
happy shouldn't be so hard.
I know you'll face pain,
suffering, hard choices,
but you can't
let the weight of it
choke the joy
out of your life.
No matter what,
you have to find
the things that love you,
run to them.
(Gemma moaning loudly)
Jax:
There's an old saying:
That which doesn't kill you
makes you stronger.
I don't believe that.
I think the things
that try to kill you
make you angry and sad.
Strength comes
from the good things:
your family, your friends,
the satisfaction
of hard work.
Those are the things
that will keep you whole.
Those are the things to hold
onto when you're broken.
Hey, Jackie boy.
You needing anything?
I'm good, brother.
Woman: Hey, boy.
- [wolf whistle]
- Hey.
Want to party?
We ready?
Nah, Happy's still
getting his dick sucked.
In this skank hole?
Aw, come on,
there's nothing wrong
with the occasional
skank.
(Chibs laughs)
Tell him to pull out.
I want to head home.
Hey, what do you think
he's writing
in those little pads?
It's a children's book.
All right, girls,
dicks in, balls out.
Home's a speeding ticket away.
Let's go.
♪ People ♪
♪ Keep on learnin' ♪
♪ The soldiers ♪
♪ Keep on warrin' ♪
♪ The world, the world ♪
♪ Keep on turnin' ♪
SAMCRO.
♪ 'Cause it won't
be too long, baby ♪
♪ It won't be too long ♪
That's it. Let's go.
(grunts)
Shit!
(horns honking)
♪ Keep on dyin' ♪
♪ The world, the world,
the world ♪
(yells)
♪ ...keep on turnin' ♪
♪ 'Cause it won't
be too long ♪
♪ Won't be too long ♪
Shoot 'em!
Yeah, yeah. Give them more.
Give them more.
Torch it!
♪ Gonna keep on tryin' ♪
♪ Oh, I'm gonna
keep on tryin' ♪
♪ For the highest ground ♪
Guys!
Get me out of here!
Phil! Cover me!
Let's go! Let's go!
♪ I said teachers ♪
♪ Keep on teachin' ♪
Come on! Come on!
- Get me out! Get me out!
- Come on!
♪ Keep on preachin' ♪
♪ I said the world ♪
♪ The world ♪
Hap, let 'em go!
Get the haul!
Come on, come on.
♪ No, no, no,
it won't be too long ♪
You okay?
They came
out of nowhere.
♪ I said lovers ♪
♪ Keep on lovin' ♪
Now what the hell
are we gonna do with it?
Cops are gonna
be here soon.
All right, let's leave
the blow in the crate
and stash it in the woods,
get it tomorrow.
Come on. Now. Let's go.
Let's go. Come on.
♪ Sleepers, ho ♪
♪ Won't you
keep on sleepin' ♪
♪ 'Cause it won't
be too long ♪
♪ No, it won't
Sorry.
♪ I'd so damn glad
I'll never try it again ♪
♪ My last time around
I lived a whole world of sin ♪
♪ I'm so glad that I know
better than I knew then ♪
♪ Gonna keep on tryin' ♪
♪ I'm gonna reach
the highest ground ♪
♪ Riding through this world ♪
♪ All alone ♪
♪ God takes your soul ♪
♪ You're on your own ♪
♪ The crow flies straight ♪
♪ A perfect line ♪
♪ On the devil's bed ♪
♪ Until you die ♪
♪ Gotta look this life ♪
♪ In the eye ♪
That's enough?
(Abel laughing)
Hey.
I'm fine.
Retaliation?
Niners torched the truck.
Everyone's whole.
Now what?
I fix it.
I'm gonna keep Rat
here at night.
I want you
carrying that gun.
Okay.
We're doing Piney's
thing today.
I know.
You don't have to come.
I can't.
I'm training
my new replacement.
Starting my new duties.
I'm sorry.
(chuckle)
Yeah, me, too.
What?
I don't know
how we do this, Tara.
where it all goes.
I know.
But we do it
as a family.
I can promise you that.
(Thomas fussing)
I love you.
Hey. Come here.
All right, then,
little monster.
(Abel laughs)
I'll see you later,
okay?
What time's
Gemma coming?
She's not. I'm taking
the boys with me.
I got them into the day care
center at the hospital.
I thought we were
gonna wait.
Till there was
an opening.
I found out yesterday.
It's the best thing
for Abel,
and... lets me
be close to Thomas.
You know,
regular feedings.
Gemma know?
Not yet.
Whatever you think's best.
See you later.
(beeping)
(beeping stops)
(groans)
(exhales quietly)
Huh!
Whoa, whoa, whoa.
Easy now, love.
Was I that bad?
Who the hell are you?
Wow. Really?
You came home with me last
night-- this is my place.
Look,
I'm not gonna hurt you...
- Back off!
- Yes, ma'am.
(knocking, door opens)
Okay, nice.
Let me guess-- JDate?
Something like that.
Well, listen,
I really hate to step
on your little post-coital
ritual, but...
Jeannie and Liz,
they have morning dates.
Let's go, party pets.
Duty calls.
Let me use
the bathroom first.
Okay.
You got this?
Yeah.
Employees.
You a pimp?
I'm a companionater.
I bring folks together.
I'm all about the love.
I sucked your dick,
too, didn't I?
Oh, yeah.
Look, nothing bad went down.
I mean,
this is all consensual.
I'm pretty sure we had fun.
(laughs)
Man...
Oh, Jesus.
I did a spick pimp.
Yeah, and I did
a drunken cracker MILF.
- Hmm.
- Now put the gun down.
Yeah, okay.
Thank you.
You can use my shower.
I have clean towels in there.
I'm gonna head downstairs
and have some coffee,
a little Advil.
You can join me.
I'll get you a ride home.
Or not.
Well, if not, uh...
address is on the card there.
You can call a cab yourself,
head out the side exit.
It was nice...
meeting you, Rose.
Rose?
That's what you said
your name was.
(exhales)
(knocking, door opens)
Right.
Who is it?
Gaalan. Heard about
the Niners attack.
How's he doing?
Moving slowly, but...
seems okay.
Misses her.
No, I get it.
All right, thanks.
How'd that go?
Not good.
Did you, uh, tell him
the attack on the truck
was because of me,
had nothing to do
with the guns?
Doesn't matter.
The Irish are hanging on
to this cartel deal
by a thin red hair.
One more snafu,
they bail.
All right, we got
church this afternoon.
We take it to Jax.
Yeah.
Hey, you need a lift
to Piney's memorial?
I think I'll, uh...
sit this one out.
He was first nine.
Yeah, I'm aware.
Hey. (sighs)
(whispers): I don't
think he's ready
to deal with that
kind of shit.
(sighs)
(quiet, mellow music plays)
Diosa International.
This is Kelly.
Coffee?
Black.
Lots of sugar.
Escorts?
Very legit.
Breakfast date?
Aromatherapy session.
And your neighbors
don't mind the smell?
Oh, we're off
the beaten path here.
We keep a low profile,
make the right people happy.
My affiliations...
keep the bad guys away.
Nero Padilla.
Gemma.
Thanks.
Nice to meet you...
Gemma.
That's what started
our little bar chat.
Scars of a feather.
Triple bypass at 42.
Open-heart surgery.
Bad genetics.
You're surrounded
by barely legal pussy.
What the hell you doing
picking up old broads?
Some kind of granny fetish?
Nah, I don't sleep
with my coworkers.
Mainly because I'm old
enough to be their father.
What about
the Olsen twins?
That was all you, baby.
Really?
Wow.
Oh, it was definitely wow.
Me, I like a little more, uh,
patina on my precious metal.
Oh, man.
I must've been shit-faced
to go for that whole
Rico Suave thing.
You were funny, sexy,
no wedding ring.
Seemed like a good idea.
Mm-hmm.
I guess your name wasn't
the only thing you forgot, huh?
Sorry.
(phone rings)
Oh, that's me.
My cab.
Okay.
Well, you take care, Gemma.
Yeah.
You, too... Nero...
if that's really your name.
Thanks
for not being a dick.
My life's ambition.
Mmm.
Hey.
I'm glad you decided
to do this.
It's not for me,
it's for my kids.
(Jax sighs)
This is good for
everyone, Ope.
Lets them say good-bye.
And lets us bury the lie.
Piney Winston, killed
by the Mexican cartel.
The truth will
come out, man.
It just can't be now.
Too many people will get hurt.
I'm sorry you see that
as a betrayal.
The only betrayal
that I see
is Clay not being the one
going in that hole.
Yeah.
I know you can't sit
at the table with him.
I was wrong to ask you.
I love you, Ope.
And I want you in SAMCRO,
but whatever you decide to do,
I'm gonna back you.
I hope you know that.
What I know is that the gavel
turns shit around.
I'm not gonna
turn into Clay.
I'm more afraid that
I'm gonna turn into you.
(door opens)
Hey.
I... thought you were
at Piney's memorial.
Oh... shit.
No, man, I forgot.
I didn't realize
that today was...
Where you been?
You look like hell.
Uh... Clay's here. He...
come to pick up
the rest of his shit.
He thought you'd be
at the cemetery.
I'm feeling
really uncomfortable.
(light knocking)
Sorry, I, uh...
I didn't think
you'd be here.
Just looking for that ring
Rusty gave me.
(Clay panting softly)
Thank you.
Don't take
any of the photos.
I wasn't gonna.
Can we talk?
Please?
Two minutes?
Two minutes.
I know you want me dead.
That's why you gave Jax
those letters.
Shit I did, it's the, uh...
it's the move I deserved.
(sighs)
I'm not a complicated guy,
Gem.
I'm... I'm not like JT.
I sink my teeth into a goal,
I see it through.
It's the... it's
the soldier in me.
All I could see was
the endgame.
All that money.
The shit with Tara,
me lying to you,
just part of the mission.
(sighs)
Look, I'm not gonna...
insult you by trying
to say I'm sorry.
There's too much damage
for that-- but...
(sighs)
...your involvement
with John's death...
the stuff he says
about you...
in some of those
letters...
I take that to my grave.
I-I don't expect you to...
forgive me.
But at least I'll know
I did one right thing.
I love you, Gem.
I always will.
(Gemma sobbing)
(both grunt)
(Clay panting)
You don't ever put
a hand on me again.
Jax: The IRA is nervous
about our black problem.
So am I. Damon Pope
is a serious man.
Yeah, hard to spin
killing an innocent girl
in a good direction.
I know.
Niners won't talk.
Laroy is on a rampage.
I need to get to Pope,
try to make this right.
He's insulated.
Be hard to get
that sit-down.
Then tap into
your CIA contacts.
This only gets settled
with a face-to-face.
Luis:
Yeah? Then what?
You think you just say
"I'm sorry" and move on?
Better have
something he needs.
Pope doesn't need
anything.
I got to give him
something he wants.
Only he knows
what that is.
We'll try to set it up.
So, uh...
the meet still on
with Gaalan?
Yeah, he's in town
next week.
The Irish will know
that Clay's running point,
and you'll start
getting your big guns.
What am I supposed
to tell Bobby?
He knows that Otto
gave him up to RICO.
You're gonna have to share
our confidential agreement
with Mr. Munson.
But know this--
your club
can't know about RICO
or our affiliation.
My guys think he's inside
on the Georgie Caruso hit.
I'll tell the club
that the case fell apart.
Keep Elvis in the building.
You're gonna
need to trust him.
Otto... gave up Bobby
on history,
but someone current had to be
helping the D.A., too.
How would they know
that gun deal was going down?
Keep your coke and,
uh, guns running smoothly.
I'll keep RICO
off your back.
And when are they
off my back for good?
When I don't
need you anymore.
I wouldn't dismiss me
that easily, Commander Parada.
You had no choice
but to play your CIA card.
Gave you leverage,
kept us in line.
But it also gave me
a big stick.
Now, I'm sure Galindo's crew
embraces Uncle Sam's help,
but how would the street
react to that?
Anyone around here finds out
you're doubling up as a Fed,
your sway in Cali ain't shit.
(vehicle approaching)
And your coke demand
dies in a day.
Looks like
we need each other.
Bobby Munson, as promised.
Let's get out of here.
I'm very happy to be out.
Kind of scared to ask how.
It's been a busy couple
of weeks, brother.
Come on.
Where's Jax?
I hear he's
your new president.
He's not here.
What do you want?
Are you guys aware
of the violence that's
happening in Charming?
Two home invasions
in less than a week.
Contrary to popular
belief, we can read.
You think we had
something to do with it?
Three weeks ago,
an unidentified man
ran down Veronica Pope
in what we can assume
was an attempted hit
on Laroy Wayne.
No witnesses came forward yet,
but... some folks are saying
that they saw the One-Niners
chasing after a group
of guys on motorcycles.
Really?
First home invasion
was Lynette Brice,
one of your crow eaters.
2:30 this morning,
Wade Steiner was attacked
in his own kitchen.
He's a mechanic
here at the TM.
Do you, uh,
see the pattern here?
If these home invasions
are retaliation
by Pope or the Niners--
We ain't heard
of any beefs, man.
- No?
- No.
Hm.
Then who would attack
your auto parts truck
outside of Modesto
last night?
Angry pirates.
I don't give a shit
if Pope blows up every
goddamn truck of yours,
but not in my quadrant.
One innocent gets hurt,
and I make Pope look like
an altar boy, you understand?
I see what you did there.
I love Catholic jokes.
You know, remember
the two nuns?
Yeah.
They walk into
a dyke bar...
Hey! Bobby!
(laughing)
Munson's free.
RICO's dead.
I guess you're free
and clear, too, huh?
Don't worry,
I'm not gonna out you.
But... this Pope thing
spills over into Charming,
I expect you to tell me.
Good faith gesture.
(laughing)
How you doing, man?
(train whistle
blowing in distance)
(clears throat softly)
Thank you.
What did I tell your crew
three weeks ago?
- Lay low.
- Yes, mm-hmm.
We don't make decisions
in the heat of rage.
Look, Laroy's still feeling
the pain of losing his girl.
She wasn't... his girl.
He told us
to hit that truck.
Said we waited
long enough.
My daughter was murdered.
Someone goes after the men
suspected of doing it,
all eyes look my way.
Sons killed TJ
on that highway.
Now, we got to answer back,
or we look weak.
You know
how that works, man.
I just got a call...
from the military arm of
the Galindo drug cartel
wanting me to sit down
with Jax Teller.
Do you know how hard
I have worked
to distance myself
from that element?
Your need for street cred
is making my life difficult.
It stops now.
Why ain't you laying this
all on Laroy, okay?
'Cause he's the one
making the calls.
All we do is--
Look, I'm s--
Our detectives
got the address.
I'll set it all up.
Okay.
I'm too close to this,
Augie, all right?
No loose ends.
Yes, sir.
(flies buzzing)
Shit, man, is that Laroy?
Most of him.
Little bitch was screaming
so loud, I...
I kind of lost my shit.
Congratulations.
You're in charge.
No... wait, wait,
what if I don't want
to be in charge?
Rise to it, brother.
With great power comes
great responsibility.
I ain't no Spider-Man,
nigga.
As we all know, our Nomad
Charter is disbanding.
We got Frankie Diamonds, Gogo,
and Greg the Peg looking
to land in Charming.
I think we'd be lucky
to have 'em.
(door opens)
Sorry I'm late.
Sit down.
We're just voting in
the Nomads.
Good.
Frankie, you got anything
you want to say?
Just want to say we're honored
to be sitting at this table.
We know you've been
taking some hits lately,
and we're here to help
as much as we can.
Yeah, it's good to have
a home again, man.
Yeah, someplace we can
put our feet up.
(laughter)
All right, Peggie.
Any opposing?
Good. What do we say?
(all agreeing)
Welcome to SAMCRO, boys.
Thank you.
It's great to have Bobby
Elvis back at the table.
(all agreeing)
Good to be home.
What'd they... drop
the charges on Georgie?
Yeah. Apparently,
it was a suicide.
Climbed into the trunk,
shot himself ten times.
(laughter)
I've asked Bobby
to be my VP.
What, uh,
what about Ope?
I think Ope's gonna
have to step away
from the club for a while.
Too much damage done
to his family.
He's having a hard time not
putting that pain on SAMCRO.
I second Bobby.
Thank you.
Any opposing?
What do we say?
(all cheering)
Love you, brother.
I just want to say
how happy I am
to have Bobby
back at the table,
and, uh... not as much room
on my right with you here,
but, uh,
glad you made the cut.
Thanks.
With Opie stepping away,
something I need
to tell this club.
It's complicated, so I'm
hoping you hear me out.
Lobo cartel...
did not kill Piney.
I did.
Everybody knows that there
was no love lost
between Piney and me.
Most of you
were witness to him
trying to blow my head off
in this room.
I went up to the cabin,
and I thought
we could maybe work out
this cartel business.
I thought, maybe,
me and him, one on one,
cut through the bullshit.
He was a fifth of Patron
deep when I arrived.
I could hardly get out
an argument when he, uh...
he drew on me.
I managed to wrestle
the sawed-off out of his hand.
(sighs heavily)
Then he pulled a nine.
I had no choice.
I figured if the, uh, cartel
or the Irish heard
that there was internal beef
that they would pull
the plug on the deal,
so I, uh...
I put it on the Mexicans.
I planned on telling
everybody what went down
soon as all the heat
was off but, uh...
Opie found out the truth
before I could do that.
He's the one that shot me.
- What?
- Jax: What?
What?
I lied to Jax.
I told him it was black.
Why'd you lie, man?
You were protecting Ope.
We needed an ambulance.
EMS would report
the bullet wound.
I don't blame Ope
for trying to kill me.
I only wish I could explain
to him what happened.
Anyway...
I killed a member,
self-defense or not.
You gotta vote:
whether I stay or go.
Jax: We need to live
with this for a while.
Let's take a day or two
before we vote.
You give me a minute?
What are you doing?
Still a lot of truth
I can't cop to,
so...
I figured I would, uh,
get out the rest
of what there is.
I'm supposed to believe you're
just gonna throw yourself
at the mercy of the club?
Come on, man.
Mea culpas
aren't your style.
What's the play?
I'm all out of play.
I'm just trying to do
what's best for SAMCRO.
What's your play, son?
I mean, I get why you
stopped Opie, but...
you found out about JT...
How come you didn't kill me?
I need you alive
to keep the Irish happy.
Ah, you never wanted
this cartel deal.
Why would you give a shit
if the Irish are happy?
Just trying to do
what's best for SAMCRO.
Ah.
I just went by the house
to see my grandkids.
Who the hell decided
to put them in day care?
Me and their mother.
(Gemma sighs forcefully)
We don't let other people
raise our children.
It's selfish and lazy.
I don't have time
for this, Mom.
You want to see the kids,
work it out with Tara.
I still don't
understand, Jackson.
You don't have to.
His time will come.
(phone ringing)
Hey.
Yeah.
Just making sure
you got home okay.
Oh.
Well, yeah... yeah, I did.
I'm fine.
Good.
So now you have my number.
In case
you ever need anything.
Okay.
Thanks.
Weapons...
on the hood of the car.
It's cool.
Mr. Pope has
given the problem
some more thought,
and he realizes
nothing the Sons offer
is gonna be
good enough.
But you...
get to give 'em
your message.
What am I supposed
to do with this?
Kill Teller.
I thought this meeting
was with Pope.
Mr. Pope would like
this discussion
to happen first.
I'm his associate,
August Marks.
Weapons.
Gotta settle things
with the Niners.
Where the hell's Laroy?
Darnell's in charge now.
Work it out.
Hey.
Look, man, we got a lot
of history with your crew.
We've beefed before,
both made mistakes,
but we get through it.
Just tell me what you need.
Drop him, Darnell!
Go, Jackie, boy!
We'll get back
at these bastards!
Kill, Jackie!
Come on, D, get up, man!
That's enough.
Jax!
- JJ!
- Jackie boy!
Come on.
I thought you pulled weapons.
I did.
Jesus Christ.
He didn't really want
to be in charge anyway.
You, what's your name?
Ty... T-Tyler.
Well, T-T Tyler,
you need to go back
to your crew
and tell 'em the beef
with the Sons is done.
If it continues, so will
the turnover in leadership.
There ain't nothing
to think over. Go!
- Yeah, all right.
- Well, go!
All right.
What the hell is this?
Mr. Pope will reach
out to you soon.
Dump him!
This is Pope
letting us know...
he's the one who decides
who lives and dies.
I think that's
the last of it.
Shower head's leaking.
I'll have Chucky
come by tomorrow
and change the washers.
Thanks.
(motorcycle approaches)
I know how hard it was
to admit that today.
I'm glad you came clean.
No one's
gonna vote you out.
It's out of my
shaky little hands.
(door opens)
Hey.
I'm good. Thanks.
(door opens, closes)
(motorcycle departs)
I, uh...
murdered... an innocent girl.
The lie was to protect
Ope and the club,
not me.
I was with you...
in the hospital...
every day...
for three weeks.
You should've told me
the truth, Clay.
I didn't know how.
Sorry.
(phone ringing)
Yeah?
Shit.
Where?
No, I'll come and get her.
No. Yeah.
Yeah, all right.
Yeah, thanks.
What's that?
Oakland detective
stopped Dawn for DUI.
His, uh, brother-in-law's
a Grim Bastard.
But if I pick her up myself,
they won't charge her.
We good?
I don't know.
- (knocking)
- Uh-huh?
LT, these two girls
came in,
said they witnessed
guys on motorcycles
shooting a black man
in an SUV.
Picked out Teller and Chibs.
Oakland PD just called.
Another two witnesses
came in,
identified Tig Trager
as the guy
that ran down
Veronica Pope.
Detective Goodman,
Oakland PD.
You Trager?
Yeah. Where's Dawn?
Hands on your head.
Shit, man, you gotta
be kidding me.
Do it!
(Tig grunts)
(handcuffs rasp)
Walk.
No, man.
I'm not going anywhere
until--
Shut up!
Move.
Oh, God damn it.
Do you know who I am,
Mr. Trager?
Yeah.
And do you know
what happens now?
You kill me.
That'd be too easy.
Oh, no. Oh, no.
Dawny?
Dawny, hey, Dawn.
Baby?
Oh, baby...
Wake up! Oh, man...
Oh, shit! No, baby...
No! No!
Hey, baby!
Oh, baby, oh...
Stop! Oh, baby!
Daddy?
I'm so sorry, baby.
Oh, oh, baby...
(Dawn gasps, Tig yells)
Let me go!
- No!
- What's happening?
God damn it!
Let me go! Let me go!
Daddy, get me out
of here!
Oh, baby...
(Dawn whimpering)
Oh, man, I'm sorry.
Please... please, not her.
Kill me. Please, I beg you.
Please, kill me, please?
Please?
Know my pain, Mr. Trager.
(Dawn screams)
Oh, baby...
Oh, no!
No!
(screaming)
(Tig wails)
Daddy!
(screams)
(Tig groaning)
Mr. Trager, you and some
of your crew
have been ID'd for
the murder of my daughter
and the highway shooting.
Detective Goodman
will take you to County.
You should keep this vivid
memory to yourself.
I'd hate to see the same thing
happen to your other daughter.
I am gonna cut your
ugly black head off.
(grunts)
Get your cleaner out here.
You got it.
Let's go.
(engine revs)
(Thomas coughing)
Thomas is congested.
Need a humidifier
in that room.
It's not a dry cough.
A humidifier won't help.
And they don't need
to be in day care.
We can take care of our own.
They need to socialize
with other children.
And let's be honest...
I don't think
you're up for the task.
Excuse me?
You have every right
to be distracted.
You've been
through a lot...
Just say what you mean.
I smell
weed and alcohol
on your breath
every morning.
I don't smoke or drink
in the morning.
I'm a doctor, Gemma.
I know how long
drugs and alcohol
stay in your system.
And until you...
you pull it together,
I don't want you alone
with my boys.
Really?
Jax feel the same way?
I didn't tell him,
but he knows
you're not yourself.
(door opens)
Hey, baby.
Hey.
I knew you'd be here.
Hello, my love.
Welcome home, sweetheart.
Oh, I'm glad you're out.
Bobby wanted
to see the boys.
Oh, they just went down.
Go ahead.
We okay?
Oh, yeah.
We're perfect.
(cell phone rings)
Hey.
Hey, uh, Gemma.
I need Jax.
Why?
Let me talk to him,
please?
Unser.
Hey, what's happening?
I just heard from
Eglee at Lodi PD.
County issued warrants
for you, Chibs, and Tig.
Murder of Veronica Pope
and Laroy's guy.
APB's going wide.
(Jax sighs)
How?
Four witnesses
turned up today.
Two saw Tig,
two saw you and the Scot.
Shit. Okay.
Thank you.
All right.
Oh, God.
Now what?
(grunts)
One of 'em is burned
up pretty bad.
Yeah, I got it.
I got you.
(grunts)
(Goodman coughing)
How long?
Two hours.
Maybe a little longer.
You're dead, niggers.
You're all dead.
You kidding me
with this shit?
(grunting)
(train whistle blowing)
Die.
You all right?
Goodman!
No, please, please, please.
(sobbing)
This guy bought
those witnesses.
- (cell phone ringing)
- I'll call Lowen.
If Pope got these people
to lie, we can prove that.
No, you can't turn
yourselves in.
Pope did this to get
you inside.
Black Nation
offs us in County.
Kill never gets put on him.
Chucky.
Sheriffs are at the clubhouse
looking for us.
Next stop is here.
You gotta go, Jax.
No, you can't run.
That's insane.
And getting shived
to death isn't?
He's not gonna end up
a fugitive, I'm sorry.
- He is not going to jail.
- We have two small boys.
That's exactly the point,
and why he is--
Stop!
Baby, you gotta buy
yourself some time.
You make sure
you're protected.
She's right.
I know where you can go.
You'd be safe.
All right.
Don't do this, Jax.
Please.
We're dead
if we go inside now.
Stay here.
Take care of our boys.
I'll call you
when I have a plan.
- (Tara sighs)
- Let's go.
(Tara sighs loudly)
There you go, buddy.
Chow time.
Doing okay?
Miss her, don't ya?
Yeah, me, too.
♪ His love is fearless ♪
♪ He rode the wind ♪
♪ Ooh, like a cannonball,
as gentle winds ♪
(Thomas crying)
♪ He got away ♪
♪ Got away ♪
(crying)
(click)
♪ Her love is ageless ♪
♪ She slipped the rope ♪
♪ Swung like an acrobat ♪
♪ On a fragile rope ♪
♪ She got away ♪
♪ got away ♪
♪ Got away ♪
♪ Your love is endless ♪
♪ You push so far ♪
♪ Soared like a golden god ♪
♪ With a silent heart ♪
♪ You got away ♪
Want some ice cream?
(kids cheering)
(Damon laughing)
♪ Got away ♪
Mr. Pope...
Children:
Thank you, Mr. Pope!
♪ My love is aimless ♪
♪ I lost the line ♪
♪ It fell
from a shooting star ♪
♪ When I opened mine ♪
♪ I got away ♪
- ♪ Got away ♪
- Thanks.
♪ Got away ♪
No!
(grunting, choking)
(glass shattering)